CTCs should be editable from the Projects slider - the same way as they are from the RTC page.

Can we have a HR extract for staff_list and what would it look like?

Edge case - more than one PD (is the same possible for PM?)




Admin login is a bit rubbish




With a correct Project Number and task number but before the Horizon records are available it shows "Not linked" (as expected). However, when the Horizon record is available it doesn't automatically link (debatable how desirable this is) AND required me to delete the task order number and re-insert it before it would link.


Ading a project that lives in another department still lists 010117 as home.


Does the duplicate function work?

Default sort order for the three pages?




Post-alpha:
There are a few types of RTC which will never link to Horizon but should not be treated as missing the link.
1 - Annual leave - a list of all employees in a department, sorted alphabetically, blank allocation on first run for people to enter their own holidays. Updated automatically to include all new members of staff in the department.
2 - Public holidays - Updated nightly from https://www.gov.uk/bank-holidays. Automatically populated UNLESS the value differs (is lower) than that expected (this will be because the staff member has chosen to work the public holiday and is taking the day elsewhere). Updated automatically to include all new members of staff in the department.
3 - Day Release and Study Leave. Updated automatically to include all members of staff whose grade is either P0 - Undergraduate Engineer/Consultant or P1 - Graduate/Assistant Engineer/Consultant. Updated automatically to include all new members of staff in the department who match this criteria. May contain other names which will be added manually.
4 - Training - a list of all employees in a department, sorted alphabetically, blank allocation on first run for people to enter their own holidays. Updated automatically to include all new members of staff in the department.


Post-alpha:
Staff leavers on RTCs — when a staff member leaves, future allocations should be automatically transferred to their generic grade equivalent and they should be removed from RTCs. Past allocations remain unchanged for audit purposes.


Post-alpha:
Name changes — when a staff member's name changes, project_manager and project_director text fields on existing project rows are not automatically updated. Consider storing Horizon person numbers for PM/PD instead of plain text names.








Get rid of the RTCs page and incorporate everything into Projects.

Projects page will include:

project number on one line and task number on the line underneath.

project name on one line and task name on the line underneath

department

status with indicator lights, Horizon status on one line and review status on the line underneath

project manager

this month time allocation

Then on the slider panel:

project name

task name

project director

project manager

this period days

future days

last opened

last updated by

indicator lights

staff this period list

"open to edit" button

"duplicate" button

It should look and feel the same as the current Project slider